Today I'm here to talk to you about the technology that will drive the next decade of innovation. Artificial Intelligence.
Self driving cars, predictive medicine and automated financial planning - all of these technologies are near.
And one of the key technologies driving our AI future is natural language processing
The ability of a computer to understand human language and respond via the most expressive form of human communication - speech.
Natural language processing will change the way humans interact with machines.
And there's a whole community of developers and innovators out there who are seeking a platform that opens this technology and allows them to innovate
But so far its been the purview of a few large companies. Solutions like Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Google Assistant have been walled off, proprietary and secretive. Not anymore. 
Meet Mycroft, the world's first open source aritifical intelligence platform
Mycroft allows users to speak to their technology naturally and recieve a natural response.
We started the Mycroft project by developing a wireless speaker with a high quality microphone.
To make the device relatable and set a positive tone we modeled it on Wall-E, Eva, ET and Big Hero 6.
We also wanted to encourage our community to hack
To explore and extend the device so we based it on Raspberry Pi and Arduino
Two popular prototyping technologies But Mycroft AI, Inc. is not a device maker, 
in fact we've opened our hardware schematics under an open source hardware license and encouraged others to adopt our technology.
Mycroft is a software platform that allows developers to add natural language processing to anything.
And that is why Mycroft's opportunity is huge. Mycroft is open so developers can include it in anything from an automobile to a microwave.
Our advantage is that any software developer can download and install Mycroft free of charge.
This broadens the mouth of the sales funnel and reduces risk for our customers.
Supporting customers is going to take a great team and that is where Mycroft shines.
Spring of 2015 we went to kick starter to see if there was a market for our idea and raised one hundred ninety three thousand dollars
Our success brought in talented developers like Sean Fitzgerald
We were invited to join Techstars
And began shipping developer kits April two thousand sixteen
That May we reached an agreement with Canonical Ltd that will put Mycroft on more than $40,000,000 devices in the next 12 months
We closed a three hundred fifty thousand dollar Angel Round in September
Won a one hundred thousand dollar grant from Tech week
And in January we accepted a strategic investment from Jaguar Land Rover
and became the first Kansas company to join five hundred Startups
In May, we moved on to the second round of the IBM Watson AIX Prize
and accepted a spot in the prestigious Mass Challenge program in Boston
And I'm happy to announce that on July thirty first, we'll close our one million dollar seed round
Using Mycroft's technology innovators and creators in the field of artificial intelligence 
will be able to create products that communicate with users naturally in the same way that I am speaking to you
Among these products will be a handful that will create value above and beyond what exists today
so much so that not only will people be willing to pay for them
they will change the way people use technology in a profound way
Many of you work in healthcare, transportation, communication or finance.
Ask yourself if your technology could understand human speech and respond naturally, what would you build?